TELCODOCS-1528 (#65893)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-customizing-upgrades-for-kernel-modules.adoc

.Procedure

. Ensure that the device plugin managed by KMM on the node is unloaded.

. Update the following fields in the `Module` custom resource (CR):
- `containerImage` (to the appropriate kernel version)
- `version`
+
The update should be atomic; that is, both the `containerImage` and `version` fields must be updated simultaneously.

. Terminate any workload using the kernel module on the node being upgraded.

. Remove the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>` label on the node.
Run the following command to unload the kernel module from the node:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc label node/<node_name> kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>-
----

. If required, as the cluster administrator, perform any additional maintenance required on the node for the kernel module upgrade.
+
If no additional upgrading is needed, you can skip Steps 3 through 6 by updating the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module-namespace>.<module-name>` label value to the new `$moduleVersion` as set in the `Module`.

> . Run the following command to add the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>=$moduleVersion` label to the node. `$moduleVersion` should be equal to the new value of the `version` field in the `Module` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to add the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>=$moduleVersion` label to the node. The `$moduleVersion` must be equal to the new value of the `version` field in the `Module` CR.
```

Author: Changes made.

Reviewer: You're in luck! I was just trawling my GitHub inbox and saw this as soon as it popped up. Merging meow!

This procedure requires knowledge of the workload utilizing the kernel module and must be managed by the cluster administrator.
====

.Prerequisites

> * Before upgrading, set the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module-namespace>.<module-name>=$moduleVersion` label on all the nodes that will be used by the kernel module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before upgrading, set the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>=$moduleVersion` label on all the nodes that are used by the kernel module.
```
Underscore for user-replaced variable values.
Present tense per doc guidelines. https://stylepedia.net/style/5.1/#new (2.10. Tense)

Author: @ShaunaDiaz Hi Shauna, You have many good suggestions here and I'll make most of the changes but please note that this PR is an enhancement to another PR (https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/63309) that has already been published.

Made the changes above.

> * Ensure that the user workload (the application running in the cluster that is accessing kernel module) is not running on the node prior to kernel module unloading and that the workload is back running on the node after the new kernel module version has been loaded.

Reviewer 2: This seems like two things, one to do before the upgrade, and a verification step for afterwards: 
```suggestion
* Ensure that the user workload (the application running in the cluster that is accessing kernel module) is not running on the node prior to kernel module unloading.

* Ensure that the workload is back running on the node after the new kernel module version has been loaded.
```

.Procedure

> . Ensure that the device plugin managed by KMM on the node is unloaded.

Author: @cdvultur This step and line 66 was previously in the Prerequisites section. Please ok this if the steps are in the right order.

> . Update the following fields in the `Module` CR:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Update the following fields in the `Module` custom resource (CR):
```
A suggestion. It's a long section and we haven't defined that term nearby, so it might be nice to add here.

Author: Made this change.

> 

Reviewer 2: Wondering if the text in this step telling us that the update must be atomic should be an admonition. Will the procedure fail if this step is not done properly? 
You could call this requirement out a bit, something like [NOTE] or [IMPORTANT]:

[IMPORTANT]

> ====

The update must be atomic; that is, both the `containerImage` and `version` fields must be updated 
simultaneously.

> ====

(Ignore the quotes before the "=", this is only way I could keep markdown from making the text ginormous.)

Author: No change.

. Terminate any workload using the kernel module on the node being upgraded.

> . Remove the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module-namespace>.<module-name>` label on the node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Remove the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>` label on the node.
```

Author: Changed.

This unloads the kernel module from the node:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc label node/<node_name> kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>-
----

. If required, as the cluster administrator, perform any additional maintenance required on the node for the kernel module upgrade.
+

> If no additional upgrading is needed, you can skip Steps 3 through 6 by updating the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module-namespace>.<module-name>` label value to the new `$moduleVersion` as set in the `Module`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no additional upgrading is needed, you can skip Steps 3 through 6 by updating the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>` label value to the new `$moduleVersion` as set in the `Module`.
```
Since this is Step 5, the note that you can "skip Steps 3 through 6 if no additional upgrading is needed" is out of sequence. Should we skip steps 6-9?

Author: No change here.

> . Add the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module-namespace>.<module-name>=$moduleVersion` label to the node. `$moduleVersion` should be equal to the new value of the `version` field in the `Module` CR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Add the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>=$moduleVersion` label to the node. `$moduleVersion` should be equal to the new value of the `version` field in the `Module` CR.
```

Author: Made these changes and added "Run the following command to add..."

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc label node/<node_name> kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>=<desired_version>
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> Due to Kubernetes limitations in label names, the combined length of `Module` name and namespace must not exceed 39 characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of Kubernetes limitations in label names, the combined length of `Module` name and namespace must not exceed 39 characters.
```
I wonder if "because of" might translate better.

Author: Made this change.

. Terminate any workload using the kernel module on the node being upgraded.

. Remove the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module-namespace>.<module-name>` label on the node.
This unloads the kernel module from the node:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc label node/<node_name> kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>- ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
oc label node/<node_name> kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>-
```

Reviewer 4: As far as I know the last '-' is not needed.

Author: Removed **- ```**

Reviewer 4: @StephenJamesSmith . I have to admit that I was wrong. The proper command needs to have the ending '-'
for the label to be removed. 

`oc label node/<node_name> kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>-`

Sorry for the misunderstanding.

Author: @cdvultur Put the dash back in.

----

. If required, as the cluster administrator, perform any additional maintenance required on the node for the kernel module upgrade.
+
If no additional upgrading is needed, you can skip Steps 3 through 6 by updating the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module-namespace>.<module-name>` label value to the new `$moduleVersion` as set in the `Module`.

. Add the `kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module-namespace>.<module-name>=$moduleVersion` label to the node. `$moduleVersion` should be equal to the new value of the `version` field in the `Module` CR.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc label node/<node_name> kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>=<desired_version>
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
oc label node/<node_name> kmm.node.kubernetes.io/version-module.<module_namespace>.<module_name>=<desired_version>
```

Author: Removed ```. Also added **$** before **oc**
